Adding documentation for custom function mapping (#2899)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/modeling/entity-types.md

## Table-valued function mapping

It's possible to map an entity type to a table-valued function (TVF) instead of a table in the database. To illustrate this, let's define another entity that represents blog with multiple posts. In the example, the entity is [keyless](xref:core/modeling/keyless-entity-types), but it doesn't have to be.

[!code-csharp[Main](../../../samples/core/Modeling/Conventions/EntityTypes.cs#BlogWithMultiplePostsEntity)]

Next, create the following table-valued function in the database, which returns only blogs with multiple posts as well as the number of posts associated with each of these blogs:

```sql
CREATE FUNCTION dbo.BlogsWithMultiplePosts()
RETURNS TABLE
AS
RETURN
(
    SELECT b.Url, COUNT(p.BlogId) AS PostCount
    FROM Blogs AS b
    JOIN Posts AS p ON b.BlogId = p.BlogId
    GROUP BY b.BlogId, b.Url
    HAVING COUNT(p.BlogId) > 1
)
```

Now, the entity `BlogWithMultiplePost` can be mapped to this function in a following way:

[!code-csharp[Main](../../../samples/core/Modeling/Conventions/EntityTypes.cs#QueryableFunctionConfigurationToFunction)]

> [!NOTE]

> > In order to map an entity to a table-valued function the function must be parameterless. Also, the names of the entity properties must match the names of the columns returned by the TVF; any discrepancies can be configured using `HasColumnName` method, just like when mapping to a regular table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In order to map an entity to a table-valued function the function must be parameterless.

Conventionally the entity properties will be mapped to matching columns returned by the TVF. If the columns returned by TVF has different name than entity property then it can be configured using `HasColumnName` method, just like when mapping to a regular table.
```

> When the DbSet is mapped to a table-valued function, the query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the entity type is mapped to a table-valued function, the query:
```

> [!TIP]
> To test entity types mapped to views using the in-memory provider map them to a query via `ToInMemoryQuery`. See a [runnable sample](https://github.com/dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs/tree/master/samples/core/Miscellaneous/Testing/ItemsWebApi/) using this technique for more details.

## Table-valued function mapping

It's possible to map an entity type to a table-valued function (TVF) instead of a table in the database. To illustrate this, let's define another entity that represents blog with multiple posts. In the example, the entity is [keyless](xref:core/modeling/keyless-entity-types), but it doesn't have to be.

[!code-csharp[Main](../../../samples/core/Modeling/Conventions/EntityTypes.cs#BlogWithMultiplePostsEntity)]

Next, create the following table-valued function in the database, which returns only blogs with multiple posts as well as the number of posts associated with each of these blogs:

```sql

> CREATE FUNCTION dbo.BlogsWithMultiplePosts()

Reviewer: Create an inline TVF https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/t-sql/statements/create-function-transact-sql?view=sql-server-ver15#b-creating-an-inline-table-valued-function

RETURNS @blogs TABLE
(
    Url nvarchar(max),
    PostCount int not null
)
AS
BEGIN
    INSERT INTO @blogs
    SELECT b.Url, COUNT(p.BlogId)
    FROM Blogs AS b
    JOIN Posts AS p ON b.BlogId = p.BlogId
    GROUP BY b.BlogId, b.Url
    HAVING COUNT(p.BlogId) > 1

    RETURN
END
```

> Now, the `DbSet<BlogWithMultiplePost>` can be mapped to this function in a following way:

Reviewer: entity "" can be mapped
